feat(starr): Update the DV information for the Infuse player, which appears to support the CMv4.0 metadata (#2343)
TRaSH-Guides/Guides: includes/cf/dv-limitations-atv.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD041-->

> !!! bug "Plex for AppleTV is only capable of playing Dolby Vision profiles 5 and 8 correctly if CMv2.9 is being used.<br>Infuse 7.7.2+ includes expanded support for Dolby Vision (Profile 8). This includes support for files which contain CMv4.0 metadata, and samples which were previously playing with a black screen, falling back HDR, or exhibiting other various playback issues. [SOURCE](https://community.firecore.com/t/infuse-7-7-2-now-available/48208){:target="\_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}<br>This is something that cannot be determined beforehand.<br>So whether you are using an Apple TV, with or without Infuse, it will always be hit or miss whether the content is compatible.<br>Additionally, it is uncertain whether the Dolby Vision layer will play, fall back to HDR10, or encounter a black screen."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! bug "Plex for Apple TV is only capable of playing Dolby Vision Profiles 5 and 8 correctly if CMv2.9 is being used.<br>Infuse 7.7.2+ offers expanded support for Dolby Vision Profile 8, including files which contain CMv4.0 metadata, samples which were previously playing with a black screen, falling back HDR, or various other playback issues. [SOURCE](https://community.firecore.com/t/infuse-7-7-2-now-available/48208){:target="\_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}<br>The Dolby Vision Profile and Version of a media file cannot be determined by automation software before downloading it, so when you are using an Apple TV, with or without Infuse, it will always be hit or miss whether the content is compatible or not.<br>Additionally, it is uncertain whether the Dolby Vision layer will play, fall back to HDR10, or result in a black screen."
```

> !!! bug "Plex for Apple TV is only capable of playing Dolby Vision profiles 5 and 8 correctly if CMv2.9 is being used.<br>Infuse 7.7.2+ includes expanded support for Dolby Vision (Profile 8). This includes support for files which contain CMv4.0 metadata, and samples which were previously playing with a black screen, falling back HDR, or exhibiting other various playback issues. [SOURCE](https://community.firecore.com/t/infuse-7-7-2-now-available/48208){:target="\_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}<br>This is something that cannot be determined beforehand.<br>So whether you are using an Apple TV, with or without Infuse, it will always be hit or miss whether the content is compatible.<br>Additionally, it is uncertain whether the Dolby Vision layer will play, fall back to HDR10, or encounter a black screen."

Reviewer: same for this

Author: https://github.com/TRaSH-Guides/Guides/pull/2343#discussion_r2013003285

> !!! bug "Plex for Apple TV is only capable of playing Dolby Vision Profiles 5 and 8 correctly if CMv2.9 is being used.<br>Infuse 7.7.2+ offers expanded support for Dolby Vision Profile 8, including files containing CMv4.0 metadata, samples that were previously playing with a black screen, falling back HDR, or various other playback issues. [SOURCE](https://community.firecore.com/t/infuse-7-7-2-now-available/48208){:target="\_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}<br>The Dolby Vision Profile and Version of a media file cannot be determined by automation software before downloading it, so when you are using an Apple TV, with or without Infuse, it will always be hit or miss whether the content is compatible or not.<br>Additionally, it is uncertain whether the Dolby Vision layer will play, fall back to HDR10, or result in a black screen."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! bug "Plex for Apple TV is only capable of playing Dolby Vision Profiles 5 and 8 correctly if CMv2.9 is being used.<br>Infuse 7.7.2+ offers expanded support for Dolby Vision Profile 8, including files containing CMv4.0 metadata, samples that were previously playing with a black screen, falling back to HDR10, or various other playback issues. [SOURCE](https://community.firecore.com/t/infuse-7-7-2-now-available/48208){:target="\_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}<br>The Dolby Vision Profile and Version of a media file cannot be determined by automation software before downloading it, so when you are using an Apple TV, with or without Infuse, it will always be hit or miss whether the content is compatible or not.<br>Additionally, it is uncertain whether the Dolby Vision layer will play, fall back to HDR10, or result in a black screen."
```
